today we will teach our dog a
draw an 8 under our legs
that is, we would like to ask him to position himself
in front of us to pass between the legs
to come out from behind is again
come back to reposition yourself to ours
side
how well we do everything we will have to
get our dog to pass by
without any difficulty
between the legs it seems a pretty thing
simple but this exercise and asks for a
great great confidence
the mails from the dog to us e
more when we're going to ask the
our thai to draw a curve below
of us we will ask you to force the
spine
therefore it will have live especially that
cute sediments of a certain elasticity
let's try because I love with our dog
front and we will launch projects in
better our legs after having them
recharged way even for the dog that
enough space to carry in the middle
let net prizes fall in such a way
such that the dog he brought
freely thanks to the motivation of
prize to pass me in the legs
these projects will come
progressively moved more and more
back so the dog is more
soon pass under and were not instead
I go around from behind we try to
see how to import in this first
music
front dog that my plans
I let you understand
at this point I put the next seed
declares as such that the dog
of positions next door
try again we leave with our dog
front again we will launch the first
acts under our legs
so we will guide the dog out and then the dog
we will ask by our side
when the dog
been quite skillful in the streets this
exercise we can build the step
next and that is and we will ask him
just to pass under us but
guiding him 4 towards our first here
we won't launch pipes but we'll keep the prizes
in hand and we will give you the races below
out
and in my project I want the desired dog
hook the dog by passing the
my arm under my next leg
when the dog is next to me
the prize we find we bring back we detach
again that dog is ready
precisely it rewards him
no